<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_432_006_4_T48_4021532096">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">432.006-4</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Immediately upon submittal of the referral described in 432.006-3, the HCA and the contracting officer shall confer with the SPE and representatives of the OIG to discuss the potential for reduction or suspension of further payments based on the considerations listed in FAR 32.006-4(d) 
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			through (5).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) The SPE will determine whether the contractor has contracts with other Departments or contracting activities and will involve them, as necessary, in the decision making process.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) The OIG will determine the need for and the extent of an investigation.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) Immediately upon completion of the OIG investigation (or, if deemed necessary by the OIG and the SPE, before completion of the investigation) the SPE, in coordination with the HCA, the contracting officer, and the OIG, shall make a report on the action to the RCO.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) Upon receipt of the report, the RCO will submit a recommendation to the Secretary.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f) Upon receipt of the RCO's report the Secretary will:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Notify the contractor in writing, allowing 30 calendar days after receipt of the notice, that the contractor may submit in writing information and arguments in opposition to the recommendation; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Consider the RCO's recommendation, the SPE's report, the response of the contractor, and any other relevant information in order to make an appropriate final determination.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g) This determination will be provided to the contractor and to the SPE for distribution to the agencies involved and for appropriate action under the determination.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(h) The determination and the supporting documentation will be placed in the contract file(s) and a copy will be maintained by the SPE.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(i) The contracting officer will advise the SPE of the actual date of the reduction or suspension action.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(j) Not later than 150 calendar days after the actual date of the reduction or suspension action, the SPE will prepare for the RCO a review of the agency head's determination, and will propose a recommendation from the RCO to the agency head as to whether the reduction or suspension action should continue. The RCO will submit the recommendation (including a recommendation for the time period of a follow up review) to the agency head. This recommendation will be considered by the Secretary and handled as a final action described in paragraph (f) of this section.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(k) The contract may not be closed nor final payment made prior to a final determination by the Secretary.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
