<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_404_1103_T48_402115591">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">404.1103</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Contracting officers and other USDA employees shall not enter information into the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database on behalf of prospective contractors. Prospective contractors who are unable to register on-line at the CCR Web site should be advised to submit a written application to CCR for registration into the CCR database. USDA employees may assist prospective contractors by downloading the registration template, CCR handbook, and other information from the CCR Web site and providing copies of that material to requesters. Written applications for registration may be submitted to Department of Defense Central Contractor Registration, 74 Washington Ave., Suite 7, Battle Creek, MI 49017-3084.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Verification that the prospective contractor is registered in the CCR database shall be done via the CCR Internet Web site <i>http://www.ccr.gov.</i> This verification process using the CCR Web site applies both to acquisitions executed using USDA legacy procurement systems and the USDA Integrated Acquisition System.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) AGAR Advisories issued by the Office of Procurement and Property Management will address internal procedures for integration of contractor information in the CCR database with the USDA FFIS payment system.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
