<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_452_228_71_T48_40218511922">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">452.228-71</ph> Insurance Coverage.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 428.310, insert the following clause:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Insurance Coverage (NOV 1996)
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">Pursuant to FAR clause 52.228-5, Insurance-Work on a Government Installation, the Contractor will be required to present evidence to show, as a minimum, the amounts of insurance coverage indicated below:
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) Workers Compensation and Employer's Liability. The Contractor is required to comply with applicable Federal and State workers' compensation and occupational disease statutes. If occupational diseases are not compensable under those statutes, they shall be covered under the employer's liability section of the insurance policy, except when contract operations are so commingled with a Contractor's commercial operations that it would not be practical to require this coverage. Employer's liability coverage of at least $100,000 shall be required, except in States with exclusive or monopolistic funds that do not permit worker's compensation to be written by private carriers.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) General Liability. The Contractor shall have bodily injury liability insurance coverage written on a comprehensive form of policy of at least $500,000 per occurrence.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(c) Automobile Liability. The Contractor shall have automobile liability insurance written on a comprehensive form of policy. The policy shall provide for bodily injury and property damage liability covering the operation of all automobiles used in connection with performing the contract. Policies covering automobiles operated in the United States shall provide coverage of at least $200,000 per person and $500,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and $20,000 per occurrence for property damage or loss.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(d) Aircraft Public and Passenger Liability. When aircraft are used in connection with performing the contract, the Contractor shall have aircraft public and passenger liability insurance. Coverage shall be at least $200,000 per person and $500,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, other than passenger injury. Coverage for passenger injury shall be at least $200,000 multiplied by the number of seats or passengers, whichever is greater.</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of clause)
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Alternate I</i> (NOV 1996). As prescribed in 428.310, substitute the following paragraph (b), when additionally the contractor must have property damage liability coverage:
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) General Liability. 
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			The Contractor shall have bodily injury liability coverage written on a comprehensive form of policy of at least $500,000 per occurrence.
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">(2) The Contractor shall have property damage liability insurance shall be required in the amount of ______* per occurrence.</p>
                              <p xtrc="P">* <i>Contracting Officer shall insert amount required.</i>


                              </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
