<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_470_101_T48_4021953092">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">470.101</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">The following definitions are applicable to this part:
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Commingled product</i> means grains, oilseeds, rice, pulses, other similar commodities and the products of such commodities, when such commodity or product is normally stored on a commingled basis in such a manner that the commodity or product produced in the United States cannot be readily distinguished from a commodity or product not produced in the United States.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Department</i> means the Department of Agriculture.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Food and Nutrition Service</i> means such agency located within the Department of Agriculture.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Foreign Agriculture Service</i> means such agency located within the Department of Agriculture.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Free alongside ship (f.a.s.) ( * * named port of shipment)</i> means a term of sale which means the seller fulfills its obligation to deliver when the goods have been placed alongside the vessel on the quay or in lighters at the named port of shipment. The buyer bears all costs and risks of loss of or damage to the goods from that moment.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Free carrier (FCA) ( * * named place)</i> means a term of sale which means the seller fulfills its obligation when the seller has handed over the goods, cleared for export, into the charge of the carrier named by the buyer at the named place or point. If no precise point is indicated by the buyer, the seller may choose, within the place or range stipulated, where the carrier should take the goods into their charge.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Grantee organization</i> means an organization which will receive commodities from the United States Agency for International Development under Title II of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 <i>et seq.</i>) or from the Foreign Agricultural Service under the Food for Progress Act of 1985; the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program; and any other international food assistance program.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Ingredient</i> means spices, vitamins, micronutrients, desiccants, and preservatives when added to an agricultural commodity product.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Last contract lay day</i> means the last day specified in an ocean freight contract by which the carriage of goods must start for contract performance.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Lowest landed cost</i> means, as authorized by 46 U.S.C. 55314(c), with respect to an agricultural product acquired under this part the lowest aggregate cost for the acquisition of such product and the shipment of such product to a foreign destination.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                              <i>Multi-port voyage charter</i> means the charter of an ocean carrier in which the carrier will stop at two or more ports to discharge cargo.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
