<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_452_237_71_T48_40218511936">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">452.237-71</ph> Pre-Bid/Pre-Proposal Conference.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 437.110(b), insert a provision substantially as follows:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Pre-Bid/Pre-Proposal Conference (FEB 1988)
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) The Government is planning a pre-bid/pre-proposal conference, during which potential offerors may obtain a better understanding of the work required.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) Offerors are encouraged to submit all questions in writing at least five (5) days prior to the conference. Questions will be considered at any time prior to or during the conference; however, offerors will be asked to confirm verbal questions in writing. Subsequent to the conference, an amendment to the solicitation containing an abstract of the questions and answers, and a list of attendees, will be disseminated.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(c) In order to facilitate conference preparations, it is requested that the person named on the Standard Form 33 of this solicitation be contacted and advised of the number of persons who will attend.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(d) The Government assumes no responsibility for any expense incurred by an offeror prior to contract award.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(e) Offerors are cautioned that, notwithstanding any remarks or clarifications given at the conference, all terms and conditions of the solicitation remain unchanged unless they are changed by amendment to the solicitation. If the answers to conference questions, or any solicitation amendment, create ambiguities, it is the responsibility of the offeror to seek clarification prior to submitting an offer.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(f) The conference will be held:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="FP-DASH">Date:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="FP-DASH">Time:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="FP-DASH">Location:</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of clause)


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
