<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_452_224_70_T48_40218511919">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">452.224-70</ph> Confidentiality of Information.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 424.104, insert a clause substantially as follows:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Confidentiality of Information (FEB 1988)
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) Confidential information, as used in this clause, means - 
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List2">(1) information or data of a personal nature, proprietary about an individual, or (2) information or data submitted by or pertaining to an organization.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) In addition to the types of confidential information described in (a)
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			and (2) above, information which might require special consideration with regard to the timing of its disclosure may derive from studies or research, during which public disclosure of primarily invalidated findings could create an erroneous conclusion which might threaten public health or safety if acted upon.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(c) The Contracting Officer and the Contractor may, by mutual consent, identify elsewhere in this contract specific information and/or categories of information which the Government will furnish to the Contractor or that the Contractor is expected to generate which is confidential. Similarly, the Contracting Officer and the Contractor may, by mutual consent, identify such confidential information from time to time during the performance of the contract. Failure to agree will be settled pursuant to the “Disputes” clause.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(d) If it is established that information to be utilized under this contract is subject to the Privacy Act, the Contractor will follow the rules and procedures of disclosure set forth in the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. 552a, and implementing regulations and policies, with respect to systems of records determined to be subject to the Privacy Act.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(e) Confidential information, as defined in (a)
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			and (2) above, shall not be disclosed without the prior written consent of the individual, institution or organization.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(f) Written advance notice of at least 45 days will be provided to the Contracting Officer of the Contractor's intent to release findings of studies or research, which have the possibility of adverse effects on the public or the Federal agency, as described in (b) above. If the Contracting Officer does not pose any objections in writing within the 45 day period, the Contractor may proceed with disclosure. Disagreements not resolved by the Contractor and Contracting Officer will be settled pursuant to the “Disputes” clause.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(g) Whenever the Contractor is uncertain with regard to the proper handling of material under the contract, or if the material in question is subject to the Privacy Act or is confidential information subject to the provisions of this clause, the Contractor shall obtain a written determination from the Contracting Officer prior to any release, disclosure, dissemination, or publication.
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(h) The provisions of paragraph (e) of this clause shall not apply when the information is subject to conflicting or overlapping provisions in other Federal, State or local laws.</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of clause)


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
