<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_439_101_T48_4021639191">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">439.101</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) In addition to policy and regulatory guidance contained in the FAR and AGAR:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The USDA Information Technology Capital Planning and Investment Control Guide (CPIC) establishes requirements for the acquisition of information technology.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Specific thresholds at which USDA Office of the Chief Information Officer Information Technology Acquisition Approval is required have been established.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The procurement authority delegated to USDA Agencies is established in Departmental Regulations 5000 series.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) The CPIC Guide and USDA CIO policy and procedural guidance are available on the USDA OCIO Web site at <i>http://www.ocio.usda.gov.</i> Notices of changes in the Information Technology Acquisition Approval Thresholds are also promulgated by AGAR Advisory.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Acquisition of on-line courseware libraries and learning management system services requires specific approval of the ASA and CIO. Information regarding the specific approval requirements and processes is promulgated by AGAR Advisory.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
