<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_470_103_T48_4021953094">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">470.103</ph> United States origin of agricultural products.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) <i>Products of United States origin.</i> As provided by 7 U.S.C. 1732(2) and 1736o-1(a) commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired for use in international feeding and development programs shall be products of United States origin. A product shall not be considered to be a product of the United States if it contains any ingredient that is not produced in the United States if that ingredient is:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Produced in the United States; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Commercially available in the United States at fair and reasonable prices from domestic sources.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Use by the Food and Nutrition Service.</i> Commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired for use by the Food and Nutrition Service shall be a product of the United States, except as may otherwise be required by law, and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States except with respect to ingredients. Ingredients from non-domestic sources will be allowed to be utilized as a United States product if such ingredients are not otherwise:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Produced in the United States; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Commercially available in the United States at fair and reasonable prices from domestic sources.
</p>
         <p props="Runin" outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Commingled product.</i> 
				     </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			Except as provided in paragraph (c)(2) of this section, a commingled product shall be considered to be a product of the United States if the offeror can establish that the offeror has in inventory at the time the contract for the commodity or product is awarded to the offeror, or obtains during the contract performance period specified in the solicitation, or a combination thereof, a sufficient quantity of the commodity or product that was produced in the United States to fulfill the contract being awarded, and all unfulfilled contracts that the offeror entered into to provide such commingled product to the United States.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) To the extent the Department has determined a commodity is one that is generally commingled, but is also one which can be readily stored on an identity preserved basis with respect to its country of origin, the Department may require that the commodity procured by the Department shall be of 100 percent United States origin.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) <i>Product derived from animals.</i> With respect to the procurement of products derived from animals, the solicitation will set forth any specific requirement that is applicable to the country in which the animal was bred, raised, slaughtered or further processed.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
