<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_401_602_3_T48_402112593">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">401.602-3</ph> Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) <i>Definitions. Ratification,</i> as used in this section, means the signed, documented action taken by an authorized official to approve and sanction a previously unauthorized commitment.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Unauthorized commitment,</i> as used in this section, means an agreement made by a Government representative who lacked the authority to enter into a contract on behalf of the Government.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Policy.</i> The HCA may delegate ratification authority to the chief of the contracting office.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Procedure.</i> Whenever an official of the cognizant contracting activity who is authorized to ratify unauthorized commitments learns that a person or firm has assumed work as a result of an unauthorized commitment, that official shall take the following actions:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Immediately inform any person who is performing work as a result of an unauthorized commitment that the work is being performed at that person's risk;
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Inform the individual who made the unauthorized commitment of the seriousness of the act and the possible consequences;
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) Ensure that the individual who made the unauthorized commitment furnishes all records and documents concerning the commitment and a complete, written statement of facts, including, but not limited to: a statement as to why a contracting officer was not used; why the vendor was selected and a list of sources considered; a description of work to be performed or products to be furnished; the estimated or agreed price; whether an appropriation is available for the work; and whether performance has begun. Under exceptional circumstances, such as when the individual who made the unauthorized commitment is no longer available to attest to the circumstances of the unauthorized commitment, the ratifying official may waive these requirements; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) Decide whether ratification is proper and proceed as follows:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) If ratification is not justifiable, provide the cognizant program office, contracting office, and the unauthorized contractor with an explanation of the decision not to ratify.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) If ratification appears adequately justified, ratify the action and retain or assign the contract to a successor contracting officer if necessary.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iii) Maintain related approval, decisional, and background documents in the contract file for audit purposes.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iv) Notify the cognizant program supervisor or line officer about the final disposition of the case; the notification may include a recommendation that the unauthorized commitment should be further considered a violation of USDA's employee conduct regulations.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
