<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_452_211_70_T48_4021851192">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">452.211-70</ph> Brand Name or Equal.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 411.171, insert the following provision: 
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Brand Name or Equal (NOV 1996)
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">(As used in this provision, the term “brand name” includes identification of products by make and model.) 
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(a) If items called for by this solicitation have been identified by a “brand name or equal” description, such identification is intended to be descriptive, but not restrictive, and is to indicate the quality and characteristics of products that will be satisfactory. Offers of “equal” products (including products of the brand name manufacturer other than the one described by brand name) will be considered for award if such products are clearly identified in the offer (see clause 452.211-71) and are determined by the Contracting Officer to meet fully the salient characteristics requirements listed in the solicitation. 
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List1">(b) Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that it is offering an “equal” product, the offeror shall be considered as offering the brand name product(s) referenced in the solicitation. 
</p>
                                 <p props="Runin" outputclass="List1">(c)
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			If the offeror proposes to furnish an “equal” product or products, the brand name(s), if any, and any other required information about the product(s) to be furnished shall be inserted in the space provided in the solicitation. The evaluation of offers and the determination as to the equality of the product(s) offered shall be the responsibility of the Government and will be based on information furnished by the offeror or identified in its offer as well as other information reasonably available to the contracting activity. Caution to offerors: The contracting activity is not responsible for locating or securing any information which is not identified in the offer and is not reasonably available to the contracting activity. Accordingly, to assure that sufficient information is available, the offeror must furnish as a part of its offer all descriptive material (such as cuts, illustrations, drawings, or other information) necessary for the contracting activity to (i) determine whether the product offered meets the salient characteristics requirement of the solicitation, and (ii) establish exactly what the offeror proposes to furnish and what the Government would be binding itself to purchase by making an award. The information furnished may include specific reference to information previously furnished or to information otherwise available to the contracting activity. 
</p>
                                 <p outputclass="List2">(2) If an offeror proposes to modify a product so as to make it conform to the requirements of the solicitation, the offer shall include 
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) 
			a clear description of such proposed modifications and (ii) clearly marked descriptive material to show the proposed modifications.</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of provision) 
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
