<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_452_216_70_T48_40218511912">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">452.216-70</ph> Award Fee.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">As prescribed in 416.405, insert a clause substantially as follows:
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="HD1">Award Fee (FEB 1988)
</p>
                                 <p xtrc="P">The amount of award fee the Contractor earns, if any, is based on a subjective evaluation by the Government of the quality of the Contractor's performance in accordance with the award fee plan. The Government will determine the amount of award fee every ______* months beginning with ______*. The Fee Determination Official (FDO) will unilaterally determine the amount of award fee. The FDO's determination will be in writing to the Contractor and is not subject to the “Disputes” clause. The Government may unilaterally change the award fee plan at any time and will provide such changes in writing to the Contractor prior to the beginning of the applicable evaluation period. The Contractor may submit a voucher for the earned award fee. Available award fee not earned during one period does not carry over to subsequent periods.</p>
                              <p xtrc="HD3">(End of clause)
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">* <i>Contracting Officer shall insert appropriate number of months.</i>
                              </p>
         <p xtrc="P">** <i>Contracting Officer shall insert appropriate date.</i>


                              </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
