<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_401_105_1_T48_402112195">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">401.105-1</ph> Publication and code arrangement.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) The AGAR is codified in the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) as Chapter 4 of Title 48, Federal Acquisition Regulations System, to implement and supplement Chapter 1 which constitutes the FAR. Parts 400 through 499 have been assigned to USDA by the Office of the Federal Register.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) The AGAR and its subsequent changes are published in:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Daily issues of the Federal Register,
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Cumulative form in the CFR, and,
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) Electronic form on the USDA Departmental Administration Procurement Homepage (see 401.170).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) Section 553(a)(2) of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. 553, provides an exception from the standard public rulemaking procedures to the extent that the rule involves a matter relating to agency management or personnel or to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. In 1971, Secretary of Agriculture Hardin announced a voluntary partial waiver from the Administrative Procedure Act exception, and USDA agencies generally are required to provide notice and an opportunity for public comment on proposed rules (36 FR 13804, July 24, 1971). The AGAR has been promulgated and may be revised from time to time in accordance with the rulemaking procedures of the Administrative Procedure Act. The USDA also is required to publish for public comment procurement regulations in the Federal Register, pursuant to the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 418b), and FAR 1.301.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
